Move text on infinite ACK loops (#4859)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

packets are eventually acknowledged when the endpoint sends an ACK frame in
response to other events.

An endpoint that is only sending ACK frames will not receive acknowledgments
from its peer unless those acknowledgments are included in packets with
ack-eliciting frames.  An endpoint SHOULD send an ACK frame with other frames
when there are new ack-eliciting packets to acknowledge.  When only
non-ack-eliciting packets need to be acknowledged, an endpoint MAY

> choose to not send an ACK frame with outgoing frames until an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
choose not to send an ACK frame with outgoing frames until an
```
Split infinitives and all that....

> when there are new ack-eliciting packets to acknowledge.  When only
> non-ack-eliciting packets need to be acknowledged, an endpoint MAY wait until an
> ack-eliciting packet has been received to include an ACK frame with outgoing
> frames.

Reviewer 2: This is pre-existing, but it always takes me a few tries understand the intent of this MAY, so here's a small suggestion which I believe clarifies it.

```suggestion
when there are new ack-eliciting packets to acknowledge.  When only
non-ack-eliciting packets need to be acknowledged, an endpoint MAY
choose to not send an ACK frame with outgoing frames until an
ack-eliciting packet has been received.
```
